remove metrics-based OSB metering (#1057)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.meshmarketplace.metering.md

#### Quantity-based Units

> Support for charging services based on quantity units like "GB of messages stored" is not supported directly. But you can push your custom cost data via [meshResourceUsageReports API](https://docs.meshcloud.io/billing-api/index.html#_put_meshresourceusagereports) to meshStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct support for charging based on quantity units (e.g., "GB of messages stored") is not available. However, you can report custom cost data using the [meshResourceUsageReports API](https://docs.meshcloud.io/billing-api/index.html#_put_meshresourceusagereports) to meshStack.
```
